What else could he do?
Real estate, of course.
Since he decided to go against his Wang family
That must be a fight to the death with you
So cruel?
provoke this woman
It's really been eight lifetimes of blood mold
Warm up
You see the great men talking in the South these days
My dad said
South China Sea Party's real estate may be blocked
Do you want to play Southern Talk?
Nanhai Island house prices
That's right, my dad said after this conversation?
Reform and opening up is basically a foregone conclusion
So the house price of Nanhai Island will increase again
OK
Let me stroke it.
Go to you, wait for me, I'll stroke it
I'm going to stroke it
How strange?
1992. 1992.
Southern Epiphyllum ends
The spring breeze of reform is blowing in all directions
Rongmo Thorns began to officially take off